you
in this piece of metal here is 18 the
beneath stick the inside is one
sixteenth of an inch thick and all I'm
doing now is just rolling this around
stitch welding as I go little Hobart
handler 120 it's war welder flux war
it's got the flux in the center of a
gender
just roller right on around I'll put a
clamp right here and carry on and then
I'll snip it off
of a hundred and eighty six inches of
welding a total of one hundred and
eighty six inches of welding this
outside length right here is 52 inches
the inside is 36 inches who are those
wet when I put that down on you enter
all the way around it it gave me a
little little step right there and I run
that bead right down to the gunner that
when I grind it when you grind it flat
like this on the side and then grind it
flat like this you should come out with
a sharp corner in this instance I did
not want a sharp corner and this thing
right here should be Squire to itself
anywhere you put the squirrel there this
thing should come out squirt it is
anyway you thing should be squirt I've
ground this is a 36 grit grinding mark
you see on the middle I did grinding the
whales with a hardback grinding disc
this is a way to finish the look this is
the way it looks before you put the
grinder to it and you can see that
there's quite a quite a large bead
that's so that I'll tell it that it will
come out squirt once I grind that away
the hanging bird you got to do something
with it
the bracket that goes on top of the
engine is like this right here it goes
like that right there I will put a weld
a flat plate here so you can slide the
engine engine and then use the existing
boat holes in the top of the bracket to
that may take only used about one-eighth
of links thick metal on that on that
tough lichter it's such a nice the
freedom model if you fool with very many
my texts all I'm not tellin you nothing
you don't already know that may take
didn't do very very much metal shaping
and so we I will address this right here